ah hey you please stop bothering like
him so Arthur I have some bad news for
you
[Music]
this is the last time we'll be meeting
you don't listen dear you just asked the
same questions every week how's your job
are you having any negative thoughts all
I have are negative thoughts
and finally in a world where everyone
thinks they could do my job
check out this guy when I was a little
boy and told people I was gonna be a
comedian everyone laughed at me well no
one's laughing now you can say that
again
[Music]
so Hospital isn't it
for my whole life
if I even really existed
but I do
people are starting to notice
I think this is funny
there's a joke to you
very one small thing yeah when you bring
me out can you introduce me as Joker
[Music]
send in the cloud